In this video,
we'll cover steps two and three of refactoring the interface
and then adding pagination support to the product service.
Alrighty so just swinging back into our IDE.
Alrighty so remember what the response Metadata,
we have information there for pagination.
We need to take this data and actually support
it in our given interface.
And so we'll refactor our interface to have support
for these given Metadata elements.
Alrighty so that interfaces in the file productservice.ts
and I'll simply move down to the bottom of the file
where those interfaces are defined.
And so the one that we're working on here
is, get response products,
and I'll simply add new properties here
for that response Metadata.
Oops, I have a small typo there.
I need to fix that, it's a comma instead of a semi-colon.
Okay, that looks good.
All right, this looks pretty good.
So we have a property here for the size of the page,
We have total elements,
that's the grand total of all elements.
But again, we're not returning everything, just account.
We have the total pages available,
and then we also have the current page number
that we're using or accessing.
All right, so this looks pretty good
as far as refactoring that interface of support,
this pagination data, good job.
Alrighty, so in step three is that we need to add
pagination support to the product service.
Sorry, I basically need to define a method
in this given service here to support pagination.
And what I'll do is I'll kind of start here
with some of the existing code
and just do a little copy paste exercise.
So I'll just grab the get product list method,
I'll just copy this and then paste it
and I'll kind of use it as my initial version of the method.
And so this new method, I'll give it a new name here,
I'll call it, get product list paginate,
and then I'll pass in some parameters
for this pagination.
So we have the page, and also the page size.
And then I'll make an update here instead of product array,
I'll make use of that interface, get response products.
Because we need to access this data
in the calling application and you'll see more of that,
in some of the upcoming videos.
Alrighty so we need to make some updates to the URL.
So Spring Data REST supports pagination out of the box.
All we have to do is send the parameters for page and size.
So passover page equals, the page
and size equals, the page size.
All right, I'll just make a little small tweak
to the documentation up above
just so it follows along with my code,
and I'll update the return here.
So I'll say httpclient.get,
and then we going to to return a get response products,
and then we pass on our search URL.
Okay, that looks pretty good.
So this is the basic coding here
for our get product list, PatchLink method
that's in our product service.
And we'll actually use this in the next video
from our actual component.